(LOOΠΔ 1/3 is on their way to Moscow to stop over)
(The Curse of HaSeul on Moscow...)
HyunJin : I slept very well~
ViVi : I didn't sleep very well. Because sleeping on the plane is uncomfortable~
(They are waiting at the airport)
(And they boarded the plane to Prague in the evening!)
HeeJin : Finally~ we are...
HeeJin : Where are we going...?
HeeJin : Right, we're going to Czech!
(Let's make a 'Czech' acrotic poem!)
HeeJin : C(ze) - Czech, I'm coming to you
C(h) : Co... before I go, I'm going to sleep!
(It's HyunJin's turn!)
HyunJIn : C - Check!
HeeJin : C !!
HyunJin : C(h) - Co~ Co~
(Co means Nose in Korean)
HeeJin : Yeah, right
(Lastly, it's HaSeul's turn!)
HeeJin : 'Czech' acrotic poem!
HaSeul : I'm not really good at making a po...
HeeJin : C !!
(Let's see...)
HaSeul : C(ze) - Check! Check!
HeeJin : C !!
HaSeul : C(h) - Co~ Co~ Co~
(They're not funny but cute...)
HeeJin : They're really no funny...
HeeJin : No jam~~
(The no jam girls went back to sleep...)
(In the meantime, LOOΠΔ 1/3 has arrived at Prague, Czech!!!!)